- [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] and [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] are the children of [[The Blackwater Family]], a noble drow clan that serves [[The Lich|an evil lich]]. In exchange for their service, [[The Blackwater Family|the Blackwaters]] are able to use dark magic to manipulate others. [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] is the eldest son and heir, while [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] is the youngest daughter and a half-human bastard. [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] loves his sister, despite her being an outcast among the drow.
- One day, [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] is sold to an [[Organisation of Monsters]] in exchange for peace and riches by her own parents. [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] tries to rescue her, but he is overpowered by [[Organisation of Monsters|the monsters]] in the final hour. [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] makes a pact with a sentient weapon in the dragon’s hoard; [[The Blade of the Avenger]]. The weapon contains the soul of a Valkyrie of  [[The Old Kingdom]] that swore an oath to slay all evil creatures of the night, particularly the undead. The weapon grants [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] the power to become a Celestial warlock with a pact of the blade, and she uses it to slay the monsters before they kill [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]]. [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] is grateful but also worried about her new pact.
- [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] keeps [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]]’s pact a secret from their parents, but they eventually discover it. They see it as a threat to [[The Lich]]. They hire a group of wizards who specialize in breaking curses and contracts, and they plan to use a ritual that involves magic and a sacrifice of blood to sever her pact. They decide to drain [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]]'s blood as part of the ritual, since it requires a blood relationship, and they want to punish [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] for keeping the pact a secret from them. They hope to free [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] from her pact, and are less worried about if she dies in the process.
- [[The Blade of the Avenger|The weapon]] senses their treachery, and it warns [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]]. It also commands her to kill the servants of [[The Lich]] before they can harm it or her. [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] is conflicted, but she decides to obey the weapon and to save [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]]. She kills the wizards before they can begin the ritual in earnest, and then the fury of the blade makes her turn on her parents. Before she can strike them down, [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] steps in to protect them - trying to convince [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] to just leave, and that nobody else needs to die. In that moment of weakness, their mother is able to put a curse on [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]].
- The curse causes [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]]'s hair to go from Black to Grey, her eyes from blue to grey, and threads magical stitches through her mouth that make her unable to speak. 
- [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] is exiled for her treachery against her parents, and [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] decides to join her to keep her safe. It's a strange experience for them, going from royalty, to on the streets. Their wit and guile helps them to survive, but they are also naïve.
- There naivety eventually leads them to being kidnapped by a cruel [[The Circus|circus]], and forced to perform under the threat of torture or death. They put a [[Magebane Collar|special collar]] on [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] that restricts her magical abilities, but they don't do the same to [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]], because they don't realise he knows any magic.
- [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] is made to work as a servant, and [[Seraphine Blackwater|Seraphine]] as an act where they put her through various forms of torture, with her being unable to speak. They meet some other circus workers ([[Bjorn Ironfist|Bjorn]], [[Lyla Sparkle|Lyla]], and [[Remy LeBeau|Remy]]) that originally joined voluntarily - not realising the horrible things that went on behind the scenes.
- [[Bjorn Ironfist|Bjorn]] was enslaved by the ringmaster. [[Lyla Sparkle|Lyla]] is a gnome who joined [[The Circus]] to care for animals, but she was forced to transform into different beasts for the shows. [[Remy LeBeau|Remy]] is a human who joined [[The Circus]] as a psychic, but he was experimented on by the ringmaster. 
- Since [[Arlen Blackwater|Arlen]] never got collared, he's able to use his magic to mentally dominate some of the guards, and plots an escape from [[The Circus]] for [[Seraphine Blackwater|his sister]] and his new found circus friends. They decide to stick together and form an adventuring party, hoping to find a better life. However, they all have expensive tastes, so the adventurer lifestyle is necessary to fund their tastes.